[RC1] Blazor WASM respects UI culture setting (#36105)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/release-notes/aspnetcore-10/includes/blazor.md

```

Call `PersistentComponentState.RegisterOnRestoring` to register a callback for imperatively controlling how state is restored, similar to how <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Components.PersistentComponentState.RegisterOnPersisting%2A?displayProperty=nameWithType> provides full control of how state is persisted.

### Blazor WebAssembly respects the current UI culture setting

> In .NET 9 or earlier, standalone Blazor WebAssembly apps load UI internationalization resources based on <xref:System.Globalization.CultureInfo.DefaultThreadCurrentCulture?displayProperty=nameWithType>. With the release of .NET 10, you can set the default UI culture using <xref:System.Globalization.CultureInfo.DefaultThreadCurrentUICulture?displayProperty=nameWithType>. For general guidance, see <xref:blazor/globalization-localization>.

Author: ```suggestion
In .NET 9 or earlier, standalone Blazor WebAssembly apps load UI globalization resources based on <xref:System.Globalization.CultureInfo.DefaultThreadCurrentCulture?displayProperty=nameWithType>. If you want to additionally load globalization data for your localization culture defined by <xref:System.Globalization.CultureInfo.DefaultThreadCurrentUICulture?displayProperty=nameWithType>, [upgrade the app to .NET 10 or later](xref:migration/index).
```
